.. include:: ../../Includes.txt

==========================
Version 4.1.0 - 2021-09-13
==========================

This release is a feature release. It contains the implementation of OAuth2 authorization protocol.

Download
========

Download this version from the `TYPO3 extension repository <https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/mautic/>`__ or from
`GitHub <https://github.com/mautic/mautic-typo3/releases/tag/v4.1.0>`__.

Announcement
============
We do plan a new major version 5 which will drop support for OAuth1. That new version will support TYPO3 versions
10 & 11 and Mautic 4. Since this is just an announcement we did not add any deprecated notices for the time beeing.
There will be a future release to include deprecation notices. Stay tuned.

Added
=====
* Added support for OAuth2, thus you can now choose between OAuth1 and OAuth2.

All Changes
===========

This is a list of all changes in this release::

   2021-09-13 [TASK] Do not break compatibility (Commit 2bc34d8 by Florian Wessels)
   2021-09-13 [DOC] Update documentation (Commit 87a33ad by Florian Wessels)
   2021-09-13 [TASK] Set version to 4.1.0-dev (Commit d5a42d8 by Florian Wessels)
   2020-10-24 [BUGFIX] Initialize form persistence manager with all properties (Commit c0956f6 by Florian Wessels)
   2021-09-13 [FEATURE] Introduce OAuth 2 Authorization (Commit 8a7b1a6 by yabid21)
   2020-09-18 [TASK] Use unique class names within svg files (Commit 3c793a4 by Florian Wessels)

Contributors
============
Following people have contributed to this release:

* Yassine Abid
* Florian Wessels

Thank you very much for your support. The next beer is on us! 🍻
